Add a new beta banner for javascript library (#4420)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/javascript.md

## Configure the JavaScript logger

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> The Javascript logging library is in private beta. <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Reach out to support</a> to turn on this feature for your account.

Reviewer: "to enable this feature"

> The Javascript logging library is in private beta. <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Reach out to support</a> to turn on this feature for your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Javascript logging library is in private beta. <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Reach out to Datadog support team</a> to enable this feature for your account.
```
